hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
gonna answer the question should I use
campaign budget optimization or ad set
budgeting for my facebook campaign and
I'm gonna make this super easy for you
guys I have a really simple answer to
that question so that you can launch
your Facebook ad campaigns and
completing confidence knowing that you
chose the right budgeting strategy for
your business but before we dive into
that I wanted to give you a Facebook
update because in the past Facebook ads
has actually said that they were gonna
make CBO or campaign budget optimization
mandatory across all campaigns all
accounts and for all advertisers but as
of April 2020 they actually backed away
from that and they're now saying that
they're gonna allow advertisers to
choose between CBO or ad set budgeting
for the foreseeable future this is such
a relief for me and other advertisers
because frankly I still use ad set
budgeting for a few of my campaigns so
I'm gonna answer your question should
you be using CBO or ad set budgeting for
your campaigns and the answer is you
should be using both but I only use ad
set budgeting for specific campaigns and
those campaigns are when I'm actually
testing out new audiences so the way
that this works inside of Facebook ads
is I'll actually have a campaign
dedicated solely to testing out new
audiences and I always make sure that
that's ad set budgeting so why do I use
ad set budgeting in testing campaigns
and the reason why is because I want to
make sure that each ad set is getting
the right amount of spend so that I can
properly evaluate it if your ad set
doesn't get enough spend you don't
actually know how it's performing now I
know in CBO you can add minimum and
maximum spend limits so that you can
also control that spend within your CBO
accounts but I actually find that by
using ad set budgeting I'm able to not
only control it better but I get better
results just by simply using ad set
budgeting for testing but that strategy
is something I'd recommend that you test
out so that you can determine what's not
only best for you as an advertiser but
what's also best for the specific
business so I use ad side bushing for
testing campaigns when do I use CB
I almost always use CBO for pretty much
everything else I use CBO for almost all
of my retargeting campaigns especially
for those more middle of funnel
campaigns where I house my social
engages in my website visitors and the
reason why I love doing this and I don't
even bother testing it out with ad set
budgeting is because one of the best
things that CBO can do is prevent
audience saturation and when you're
targeting a campaign of social engages
and website visitors there's a pretty
good likelihood that some people are
gonna be in both audiences and when you
use CBO you're actually guarding from
over saturating those people who are in
both audiences so it's a really good
safeguard another place where I almost
always use CBO is in another kind of
retargeting campaign which is for
dynamic product ads and it's the same
reason I want to prevent oversaturation
and I also just find that I'm able to
get better results by using CBO for
catalog sales as opposed to using it for
ad set budgeting and finally I always
use a CBO campaign for my best
performing top of funnel audiences that
have been previously tested and have
gotten good results so if I had already
launched a testing campaign that had a
few ad sets at ad set budgeting I went
and chose the ones that got the best
results and I threw them into a CBO
campaign and the reason why I do this is
because I not only get better
performance from those best performing
ad sets within a CBO campaign but
ultimately this is also the best way for
me to scale up if I want to start
increasing budgets because it's a lot
easier for me to control the budget at
the campaign level and again I tend to
get better results by putting the best
performers into that one CBO campaign
and there you have it guys those are the
exact ways that I use campaign budget
optimization and ad set budgeting at the
agency if this video was helpful to you
be sure to hit subscribe so that you can
be notified of my other videos coming
out that are all about how to grow your
business on Facebook and Instagram ads
be sure to leave a comment on this video
because for the entire month of June I'm
actually going
be creating personalized video responses
to all of your guys's questions
okay guys thanks so much Susan
[Music]